---
layout: post
title:  "Brainhack Ghent 2017"
date:   2017-2-14 13:53
project_categories: Events 2017
image: BrainhackGhent2017222x180.jpeg
description: Brainhack@Ghent April 12-13th at the Faculty of Psychology and Educational Sciences.
---
## Summary

We are happy to announce the BrainHack@Ghent event that we are organizing on April 12-13th at the Faculty of Psychology and Educational Sciences.
For all information, check our website: [http://brainhackghent.wixsite.com/brainhackghent](http://brainhackghent.wixsite.com/brainhackghent)

It would be great if you could advertise this on your website too!


Participants will receive advice on processing from a team of experts including Russell Poldrack, Danilo Bzdok, Camille Maumet, Roberto Toro, Daniel Margulies, Ben Jeurissen and Dante Mantini during the two days.

### Registration & Slack
For PhD students of Ghent University, the registration fee is €70. For all other participants, the registration fee is €90. This includes breakfast, lunch and drinks on both days and dinner on the first day. Registration is only possible with credit card.

We encourage interested persons to join our public Slack channel to discuss and propose projects and to recruit collaborators. You can register for the official Brainhack Ghent 2017 slack channel on the Register page of the website: [http://brainhackghent.wixsite.com/brainhackghent/register](http://brainhackghent.wixsite.com/brainhackghent/register)



We hope to see you all there!

Note that on Thursday April 13, Russell Poldrack (Stanford University) will also give a lecture for CCN (Center for Cognitive Neuroscience). More information on that event will follow later. The program of the brainhack is such that this lecture can be attended by participants of the brainhack.

## Contact
Contact us by email at [brainhackghent@gmail.com](mailto:brainhackghent@gmail.com).
